Yes Gauri tell me tell me something about you
 
Okay ahh thank you for allowing me to introduce myself. My name is Gauri shirmali. I am from Udaipur Rajasthan. I'm doing computer science engineering from Geetanjali Institute of technical studies. I secured 9.2 c GPA in 10, standard 73.4 Cgp ahh percentage in 12 standard. And currently an engineering my aggregate score is 77 percentage. computer sciences is omnipresent that is it is present in every field and hence I have invested these last 3.5 almost years and a developing my software skills My technical skills include programming in Python, Java, C, c++, databases I am also familiar with web development, Kubernetes, Docker, Ansible, et cetera. So these all are my technical skills. And I’ve  also used this skills to build several projects, which include user management project and attendance management project. I've also participated in smart India hackathons of which ahh in one we also got to the finals. Ahh these are my technical skills, coming to my extracurricular activities I love to dance umm particularly semi classical dance. I also like to read write and paint have been the student editor of our colleges newsletter bits and bytes. And currently I am one of the cultural heads of our students club, So I've I have also participated in several donation camps several donation camps as I am a  a member of the Rotary Club Udaipur, I consider myself as a very focused person, I’ve  and I always work towards my goals and in a very efficient manner. I am a team player and very optimistic in tough times And lastly I would like to say that why not start the journey of my success by the success of joining TCS Thank you so much.
 
Okay ahh What are the five specific point about Tcs which makes Tcs different from the other IT MNCs?
 
Sure firstly sir ahh tcs is has a brand name, it is known it is a multinational company and it has a very good brand name and thus it would give me a good start for my career. Secondly, it has a work life balance. I have talked to many of my friends who are in Tcs and they say that Tcs gives a very good work life balance. So that is the second point. Third point is the colleagues there hardraw very futuristic in their skills. So there is a lot to learn from them. Fourthly, as Tcs is a multinational company, I would like to I would have the chance to even uhh go abroad and a meet a people of different nationalities. And lastly there as Tcs is has been in the industry for almost hundred and fifty years. So it gives me a sense of job security to some extent.
 
Okay what are the ethical values Tcs have?
 
sir like I said there is a work life balance and it a it it promotes like gender equality ,there is no like discrimination on the basis of that. And it so it's very good ethics overall.
 
Okay okay Gauri nice talking to you , thankyou sir , and  I request kernel rathor sir to take next part of interview Right.
 
Thankyou so much sir
 
Good afternoon
 
Good afternoon sir
 
All prepare
 
Yes sir
 
Okay Tell us which other campus interviews Have you appeared for and what has been the results?
 
So I have interviewed for darnet, which is an depor only and I got selected for it. I also interviewed for gateway industries. I was not selected in the interview I got to the interview part but was not selected So that's it. I've only given these interviews.
 
Okay Have you analyzed Why you didn't get selected for gateway?
 
Sir in gateway I might have not answered the technical questions very well as compared to the other candidates.
 
Okay so how have you prepared for TCS interview now?
 
Sir I have an enhanced my technical skills I have been preparing for the core subjects, and I've been doing coding almost every day So I think that I prepared quite well For Tcs.
 
Okay ahhh umm  Gauri tell me what are your future plans?
 
Sir my future plans sir if I join TCS or otherwise
 
What are your future plans ?
 
Sir I want to join a software company and a work for it. And I want to a learn as much ah like as much languages and as much skills as I can and I also want to achieve great success so that I'm satisfied with what I've learned
 
Okay ah what do you think are the reasons for youngsters switching over jobs?
 
Sir maybe it is job satisfaction because they enter a company without a a seeing the background of the company and then they later find out that the company was not suitable for them.
 
Okay. That's for you, what are the three important things ah that ah one should consider before joining any organization as a fresher?
 
So firstly the one should look if there is a lot to learn from the company, I mean, there should be a very steep like growing curve in the company. Secondly, they should be like the colleagues and everything should be very frank so that they help you in every way and thirdly  for me there should be a brand name so that there is a satisfaction that yes I have achieved a level and now I can go to the next level.
 
Okay technically what gives you job satisfaction?
 
Sir technically the latest I want to go with latest technical skills, like not obsolete technologies, but the latest technologies.
 
So how does TCS fit into your requirement?
 
Sir tcs changes with technologies according to the needs of the people of the or so there is not a there is no fixed technology that they use they use according to the clients which is very well.
 
which are the major clients of TCS? Can you name three or four of them?
 
I'm sorry sir but I'm not aware of the clients.
 
Okay sure anything that you want to ask?
 
Sir will I be able to like fit in the company? I mean what do you think?
 
Will you be able to fit into the company?
 
Yes sir
 
Yeah, as per your own analysis, you said you're a good team player and what requirements you said for a good job in case you have those qualities I'm sure you will be able to fit into.
 
Okay, sir, thank you any more suggestions for me?
 
No nothing more adventure will finally give his remarks.
 
Thank you so much sir.
 
All the best right
 
Gauri
 
Yes sir
 
What is your basically the aim you want to go into software companies or anything more than that?
 
No sir I want to go into software companies that is aim
 
okay. You don't want to go for any higher studies or entrepreneurship like.
 
No sir entrepreneurship No  but the highest studies many of the companies Tcs also provide like conc simultaneously highest studies So that may also be a very good option.
 
Okay for example you have got you have got the offer from Tcs Or at the same time Meanwhile you're getting the better offer than Tcs from another organization which is not a tier one organization but tier two organization but the packages just develop what we are offering then what you will do?
 
a sir I compare both the companies in terms of the
 
defiantly I’ve told the tcs is the tier one and you've got the offer from tier two it means the startup or midsize company with the package for example, we are giving you four lakh they are giving you eight lakh in that case what do you do?
 
 Sir I choose Tcs only because Tcs is like almost hundred and fifty years old company so it it has a very good job security. And as I cannot really trust a startup because they are new in the industry, and that's why there is there might be some trust issues so i
 
At least salary does not matter for you ?
 
Sir job security is more important than a salary
 
if you will not perform well in the tcs also you can get the job insecurity in tcs also.
 
Sir but I will perform good and I would like from my end there will be no complaints from Tcs.
 
Okay yeah
 
Gauri
 
Good afternoon sir
 
Good afternoon ah which domain you feel comfortable?
 
Ah sir core subject subjects programming C++ , DBMS Yes sir.
 
So, give me a concept to implement snake and ladder.
 
implement Snakes and Ladders using any programming language?
 
I want to know only concept not the implementation Okay I'm giving you the one minute
 
Hmm  sir can I write something
 
 Yes yes but I need only logic right not the coding a code part.
 
Ok sir
 
Hua Gauri
 
Yes sir thoda thoda ah sir we can
 
Verbaly btao to bus when I can analyze that you are going in the right direction or not.
 
Okay sir ah so ah firstly a we will the will like a this for example of how how many columns are there for example, I take disk of fifty the maximum we take a fifty and then now we take dice. so a variable in which we will take a random function with the help of random function, we can derive a number between one to six and for the first for the first move, if the numbers random number is six, then we can move like we can keep a counter of the player. so we can increase the counter with the numbers that comes in the dice. And then now we can predefine the snakes for example, if at if we reach five then the the counter should like increased by 10 blocks. so the counter will increase by ten block That is the ladder and this way we can like pre define the next.
 
My next is the how you will how you will determine whether to you have to increment its dice value means you you own to use it's increasing the counter value in form of ladder yes sir or you have to decrement the counter value in form of snake. so how you will determine it.
 
Sir with the help of functions. For example, if the dice value for if if the dice value or the that block value in which the counter is right now is five so I have assigned five already that five is a ladder, so then it will increase and for example if 12 is a snake then I've already defined that at 12 you need to decrement the value by for example FIFO or whatever. So I will predefined
 
where you will predefined these values?
 
So I can use a dictionary to like if I'm doing in Python then I can use it dictonary.
 
If we are using C then and C++, Java there we doesn't have any dictionary
 
Then sir we can ah we can use array of arrays and then like make dictionary with the help of arrays
 
Okay yes can we switch or not there?
 
switch yes hnn but so we can use but it is too long like we will have to write the code many times in switch
 
why many times we can define a in switch global or anywhere then we can use it
 
cause switch for snake and switch for a ladder two separate switches we can use yes sir that we can
 
ahh so what do you mean by the encapsulation is Divyansh answer is correct.
 
Sir partially it is correct it is used for data hiding but more data security. So aa in our class it is implemented using access modifiers like public protected private and there is a default access specifier as well. So ahh using these we can a define the scope of the variables or the functions like if it is public then it can be used all through and if it is protected then only the subclasses can use it and if private then only the current class can use it.
 
What do you mean by storage classes ?
 
A storage classes sir im no able to recall ive a
 
Okay gauri all the best
 
Thankyou so much
 
Explore more and more Tcs technical interview questions right? Ok sir They are basically mainly from C and C++.
 
Okay sir ill keep that in mind thankyou so much sir all the best thank you
 
A from my side and rathor sir interview my remark for you definitely you are the good candidate that we have already observed many time ahh technical knowledge I have not checked out your head of department CAC will check it out but a you can easily correct the process.
 
Okay thank you so much sir
 
Or a when you are clear about your thought process then at least it should be justified when you are giving the interviews Yes sir sure it is very important ok sir if they feel that you want to come but you can not come then then there is a chances they can drop you. Either you are a good candidate or the best for example Google want to hire somebody or they find the candidate which is having the capabilities to get a caror package in a anom. But they have the doubt that no doubt is the best but they have the doubt that either he'll join or not. then might be they can drop so yes that kind of condition in the interview at least shoud not be so case.
 
Okay I'll keep that in mind sir thank you
 
Otherwise all set all right ok
 
Thank you
 
Thank you sir
 
